Added release notes for 9/28 (#107)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

**Latest Runtime Version**: 3.0.3 ([Release notes](runtime-release-notes))
**Latest CLI Version**: 1.0.0 ([Release notes](cli-release-notes))

## September 28, 2021

:::danger

> This feature introduces a breaking change to code deploys. Starting on September 28, you must be using version 1.0.0 of the Astronomer CLI to successfully deploy code onto any Deployment. For more information, read the [CLI release notes](cli-release-notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces a breaking change to code deploys via the Astronomer CLI. Starting on September 28, you must upgrade to v1.0.0 of the CLI to deploy code to Astronomer. [CI/CD processes](ci-cd) enabled by Deployment API Keys will continue to work and will not be affected. For more information, read the [CLI release notes](cli-release-notes).
```

**Latest Runtime Version**: 3.0.3 ([Release notes](runtime-release-notes))

> **Latest CLI Version**: 0.2.9-beta ([Release notes](cli-release-notes))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Latest CLI Version**: 1.0.0 ([Release notes](cli-release-notes))
```

## September 28, 2021

### Minor Improvements

> - In the UI, a new element on the Deployment information screen shows the health status of a Deployment. Currently, a Deployment is considered unhealthy if its Webserver is down.
> - You no longer need a password to access Astronomer Cloud documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Astronomer UI, a new element on the Deployment information screen shows the health status of a Deployment. Currently, a Deployment is considered unhealthy if the Airflow Webserver is not running and the Airflow UI is not available.
- We've moved our documentation home for Astronomer Cloud to `docs.astronomer.io`, and you no longer need a password to access the page.
```

Reviewer: Is this worth a screenshot maybe? We don't typically do that in release notes, but I don't have a strong reason for why we wouldn't? 🤷‍♀️ 

(I suppose if we're linking out to another topic-specific doc that has a screenshot)

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue where the UI Deployment information screen showed an incorrect Astronomer Runtime version number

Reviewer: This was a whole feature! Let's throw this in improvements.

> - Fixed an issue where the UI Deployment information screen showed an incorrect Astronomer Runtime version number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Astronomer UI now correctly renders a Deployment's running version of Astronomer Runtime. This version is verified every time you deploy code and is updated in real-time.
```

Author: Removing the second sentence, as that conclusion follows clearly from the first sentence alone. Also sounds a bit enhancey when this was very much a bug from the start.

Reviewer: We certainly weren't talking about it as a bug internally! Took a lot of work to address and version awareness is seen as a value-add that will unlock a lot of other cool things. Yes for a managed Airflow service this is an expected "given", but I feel like it's not a big deal to have this under `Minor Improvements`?
